You dream
I tell you we are in love
I got married today
No one can stop you
You shameless bitch
Do you know that you will harm your family by doing this?
You know what the outside world thinks of us
Are you worthy of me being this big?
I didn't do any housework since I was a child
All the subsidies that are close to you are also given to you.
Sir, I am worthy of my conscience
Are you worthy of your conscience?
You just want me to talk to Li Yan
And let him work for your two sons?
Don't think about me, bitch.
Then you already guessed it
You did it on purpose, you said yes, right?
I just don't want to be a stepping stone for others
And the jade Ruyi was given to me by my grandmother
I won't give it to anyone.
You go
You bitch
You dare to let go
Go away is none of your business
I'll kill you.
Oops would rather
You dog thing that eats inside and out
I think you are crazy
How dare you let someone hit me?
How dare you?
I don't think of you as a daughter
I didn't shave.
My back pain is killing me.
Damn it's dirty
I don't think he's your aunt.
Is your enemy
Maybe it was my hatred in my last life
So I will be tortured by him for the rest of my life
My mom sent me to school when I was little
He wouldn't let go
What books do girls read?
Wait until you grow up
Just want to sell me
Exchange rings for his two sons
Why is he not moving?
Did the bone needle break?
I see if this is not broken
Also crack
You can't blame me, can you?
You did it to save me
How could I blame you?